Docs 7997 ServiceNow 6.6.0 reference (#748)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/servicenow/servicenow-connector-studio.adoc

= Use Anypoint Studio to Configure ServiceNow Connector - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Studio editors help you design and update your Mule applications, properties, and configuration files.

To configure a connector in Anypoint Studio:

. Create a Mule project.
. Supply your authentication credentials to Anypoint Platform.
. Add the connector to your Mule project.
. Configure an input source for the connector's flow.
. Configure the connector.

== Best Practices

Follow these best practices when you configure an input source and connector in Studio:

* Configure an associated global element for the input source and connector.
* Create a YAML or properties file to contain your properties, and then reference the file from the configuration.
* Configure a reconnection strategy for the input source and target connector.

== Add the Connector to Your Project

> Add ServiceNow Connector to a Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location, as well as add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ServiceNow Connector to a Mule project both to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location and to add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file.
```

. In Studio, create a Mule project.
. In the *Mule Palette* view, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.
. In *Add Modules to Project*, type "servicenow" in the search field.

> . Click the ServiceNow connector name in *Available modules*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the ServiceNow Connector name in *Available modules*.
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Field |Description

> |*Username* | User name used to log in to ServiceNow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*Username* | Name used to log in to ServiceNow
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Field |Description

> |*User Name* | User name used to log in to ServiceNow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*User Name* | Name used to log in to ServiceNow
```

== Configure an Input Source

> ServiceNow's operations can't be used as an input source, so you need to configure it by using an *HTTP Listener*, or *Scheduler* component:

Reviewer: You can use a proper noun as an adjective and not have to make it possessive:
```suggestion
Because ServiceNow operations can't be used as input sources, you must configure the input source by using an *HTTP Listener* or *Scheduler* component:
```

* *HTTP > Listener* +
Start your app using a browser or a command such as `curl`.
* *Scheduler* +
Start your app at timed intervals.

In Studio, drag the input operation you choose from the *Mule Palette* to the canvas.

== Next Step

> After configuring the ServiceNow Connector in Studio, see the xref:servicenow/servicenow-connector-examples.adoc[Examples] to experiment with the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring ServiceNow Connector in Studio, see the xref:servicenow/servicenow-connector-examples.adoc[Examples] to experiment with the connector.
```
